Add mention of required edge config (#6455)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-primer/javascript.nextjs.mdx

- [Breadcrumbs](/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/) created for outgoing HTTP request with XHR and Fetch, and console logs
- [Release health](/product/releases/health/) for tracking crash-free users and sessions
- Automatic [Performance Monitoring](/product/performance/) for both the client and server, from version `6.5.0`

> - Errors and Performance support for [Middleware](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-middleware) and [Edge routes](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions) in Vercel's edge runtime. Due to complexities with the runtime, some features of errors like stacktraces may not not be as expected. Requires <code>sentry.edge.config.js</code>, more info [here](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup/#create-initialization-config-files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Errors and Performance support for [Middleware](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-middleware) and [Edge routes](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions) in Vercel's edge runtime. Due to complexities with the runtime, some aspects of Errors, (like stacktraces), may not function as expected. This feature requires <code>sentry.edge.config.js</code>, more info [here](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup/#create-initialization-config-files)
```
